Worldpay payment provider docs (#7629)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: commerce-add-ons/payment-providers/worldpay/configuring-umbraco.md

| Billing Address State Property Alias    | The alias of the property containing the state of the billing address. For example: addressLine1. Passed to Worldpay for Radar verification. See default aliases [in the Umbraco Commerce documentation](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-commerce/key-concepts/properties#order-property-map).                                                                              |
| Billing Address Zip Code Property Alias | The alias of the property containing the zip code of the billing address. For example: addressLine1. Passed to Worldpay for Radar verification. See default aliases [in the Umbraco Commerce documentation](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-commerce/key-concepts/properties#order-property-map).                                                                              |
| Install ID                              | The Worldpay installation ID                                                                                                                                                     |

> | MD5 Secret                              | The Worldpay MD5 secret to use when create MD5 hashes                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MD5 Secret                              | The Worldpay MD5 secret to use when creating MD5 hashes                                                                                                                            |
```

| Response Password                       | The Worldpay payment response password to use to validate payment responses                                                                                                        |
| Capture                                 | Toggle indicating whether to immediately capture the payment, or whether to authorize the payment for later (manual) capturing.                                                  |
| Test Mode                               | Toggle indicating whether this provider should run in test mode                                                                                                                |

> In addition to these core settings, there are several optional advanced settings can be configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to these core settings, other optional advanced settings can be configured:
```
